Add pass-on-fail flag (#3)
pgRITA/action: README.md

  (`organizationname/projectname`) to run the checks within
- `pass-on-timeout`: set this to `true` if we should pass the check if we
  couldn't get the results from pgRITA.sh within the 30 second timeout window

> - `pass-on-fail`: set this to `true` if we should pass the check if the
>   linting discovers any errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pass-on-fail`: set this to `true` if we should pass the check even if
  pgRITA discovers errors (this is useful when you first adopt pgRITA but
  need time to fix your existing database)
```
